README.md, before:

# tradeDispenser

tradeDispenser is an addon made for lazy mages. It allows to automatically trade any water or food you have in your bags.

You can take this configuration as a basic reference (CTRL-click to have a full size view in a new tab) :

![tradedispenser_configuration](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24671466/26872536-2704e430-4b77-11e7-82f3-3dd6279518f5.png)

This is what every class will get from each trade :
- Rogues / Warriors: 20 x Conjured Cinnamon Roll
- Druids / Paladins / Priests : 40 x Conjured Crystal Water
- Mages / Hunters : 20 x Conjured Crystal Water
- Warlocks : 20 x Conjured Crystal Water & 20 x Conjured Cinnamon Roll

You can set it up differently if it doesn't suit your needs.

## Screenshot

- Full preview from the Settings Panel

![tradedispenser](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24671466/26871282-f6eefc08-4b72-11e7-941f-e6af5f4bf612.png)

## Installation
1. Close any instance of WoW
2. Download **[tradeDispenser Zip file](https://github.com/Linae-Kronos/tradeDispenser/archive/master.zip)**
3. Extract the zip file wherever you want
4. Copy the folder "tradeDispenser" to Wow_Folder\Interface\AddOns. Your addon folder should look like this :
```
├── WoW_Folder
    ├── Interface
        ├── Addons
            ├── tradeDispenser
```

5. This is what you should have on character selection screen :
![tradedispenser_charselect](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24671466/26873077-eda4328e-4b78-11e7-8263-102dfae89e37.png)

## FAQ

1. With this automation, can't it be considered as botting ?

The only thing that can be bannable is if you try to abuse from this addon (for example by doing gold from automatic trades). The addon uses the functions AcceptTrade() & CancelTrade() that could perfectly be used in macros. There is absolutely no reason people can get banned only using this addon : the behaviour is the reason people can get banned.

## Credits

Kaboom the original author

Commit message:

Setting 'Display Water/Food stock' added

README.md, after:

# tradeDispenser

tradeDispenser is an addon made for lazy mages. It allows to automatically trade any water or food you have in your bags.

You can take this configuration as a basic reference (CTRL-click to have a full size view in a new tab) :

![tradedispenser_configuration](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24671466/26872536-2704e430-4b77-11e7-82f3-3dd6279518f5.png)

This is what every class will get from each trade :
- Rogues / Warriors: 20 x Conjured Cinnamon Roll
- Druids / Paladins / Priests : 40 x Conjured Crystal Water
- Mages / Hunters : 20 x Conjured Crystal Water
- Warlocks : 20 x Conjured Crystal Water & 20 x Conjured Cinnamon Roll

You can set it up differently if it doesn't suit your needs.

## Screenshot

- Full preview from the Settings Panel

![tradedispenser](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24671466/26871282-f6eefc08-4b72-11e7-941f-e6af5f4bf612.png)

- The setting "Display Water/Food stock" [enable/disable] will allow you to broadcast your stock besides the broadcast message

![tradedispenser_stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24671466/26871775-987ccbe4-4b74-11e7-85c6-3343253bb652.png)

## Installation
1. Close any instance of WoW
2. Download **[tradeDispenser Zip file](https://github.com/Linae-Kronos/tradeDispenser/archive/master.zip)**
3. Extract the zip file wherever you want
4. Copy the folder "tradeDispenser" to Wow_Folder\Interface\AddOns. Your addon folder should look like this :
```
├── WoW_Folder
    ├── Interface
        ├── Addons
            ├── tradeDispenser
```

5. This is what you should have on character selection screen :
![tradedispenser_charselect](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24671466/26873077-eda4328e-4b78-11e7-8263-102dfae89e37.png)

## FAQ

1. With this automation, can't it be considered as botting ?

The only thing that can be bannable is if you try to abuse from this addon (for example by doing gold from automatic trades). The addon uses the functions AcceptTrade() & CancelTrade() that could perfectly be used in macros. There is absolutely no reason people can get banned only using this addon : the behaviour is the reason people can get banned.

## Credits

Kaboom the original author
